# Sentiment-Analysis-LJMU
Combining the ensemble approach and the popular word vectorization/feature engineering techniques to improve the performance of the Sentiment Classifiers and evaluate the performance of the Classifiers with the change in the word vectorization technique-Sentiment Classification.

#Introduction
Sentiment Analysis is gaining popularity due to the enormous volume of the unstructured text produced through different social media platforms, e-commerce websites, blogs, online portals. Sentiment analysis enables the information extraction from this unstructured data, which in turn helps businesses to improve their products/services based on the customers' sentiments and helps the customers to know about the products before they buy. Sentiment Classification is an open research domain.
	It has been noticed that the base classifiers do not perform significantly well due to the complexity involved in text data in terms of noise, volume. Most of the research papers have been cited where the base classifier is trained on the feature subset using the word vectorization/word embedding techniques like word2vec, TF-IDF, Bag of Words, or using the feature importance discretely. Efficient features selection techniques, word embedding, vector dimension reduction techniques are proven methods to improve the performance of the classifier significantly. Some research papers have also been cited where the Ensemble approach is used to improve the performance of the base classifiers.
 	The objective of this research is to use the combination of the most efficient word vectorization/word embedding techniques and the  ensemble model to improve the performance of the base classifiers. The transition of the performance of the base classifiers and the ensemble model for sentiment classification is evaluated with the change in the word vectorization/embedding technique in the research. 

